This code creates a Department management system 
In this system, the three entities are Department, Employee and Manager. The DMS
should be able to handle many department which can be joined by many em-
ployee(upto max value given for each department) by a single manager. Basic
Requirements: Employee can join a department and later also leave from the de-
partment. Each department must be assigned a manager. Ability to modify any
detail of the department. Employee will have the following attribute and functions

1.  Employee can join a department and later also leave from the department.
2.  Each department must be assigned a manager.
3.  Ability to modify any detail of the department.
4.  Employee will have the following attribute and functions

		Name : String Unique
		EmpId : String Unique
		Designation : String Trainee Engineer, Software Engineer and System
		Analyst
		Experience year : integer 1,2,3,4,5
		Department joined : department name
		addEmployee : to add the employee details
		join(department) : function to join a department
		leave(department) : function to leave from a department already taken
		showEmployee : Display all details of the employee

5. 	Manager will have the following attribute and functions

		name : String Unique
		position : String Project Manager, Delivery Manager
		addManager : to add the manager details
		departmentAssigned : list of department
		showManager : Display all details of the manager

6.  Department will have the following attribute and function

		name : String Unique
		maxEmployee : maximum number of employee that can join
		manager : Manager assigned
		empJoined : list of employee joined the department
		addDepartment : to add the department details
		Modify(max-emp, manager) : function to modify the max employee limit
		and the manager of the department
		showDepartment : Display everything of department
7.  Write Getter and Setter function in all classes

How to use :
First enter the name of the file with following entries. In my case i have used emp.txt. 
Explanation about the department
ADDE : Add employee     : Format- ADDE employ_name employ_id Designation(Trainee_Engineer) exp-year
SHOWE : Show employee   : Format - SHOWE employ_name
ADDM : Add manager      : Format - ADDM manager_name Designation(Delivery_Manager)
ADDD : Add Department   : Format - ADDD department_name max_employ manager_name
JOIN : Join department  : Format - JOIN department_name employ_name
SHOWD :Show department  : Format - SHOWD department_name
LEAVE : leave department: Format - LEAVE department_name employ_name
MODIFY : modify department: Format - MODIFY department_name new_max_employ manager_name
SHOWM : Show Manager    : Format - SHOWM manger_name

Note: Delivery_Manager,Project_Manager,Trainee_Engineer names are used in the checking the 
Designation. Please use the following formats only.
  Delivery_Manager , Project_Manager,Trainee_Engineer

This code was developed in 3 Hour time frame. After 2 late night studies about python. :)
